1) Tell me about yourself.
- I'm Riddhi - About education - About Qualcomm - About Role - ABout the features i delievered - About mentorship i provided
-"I am a highly motivated and dedicated professional with a strong work ethic. I excel in time management and am adept at balancing multiple tasks efficiently. Additionally, I am a quick learner, always eager to acquire new skills and knowledge to contribute effectively to my team's success."

Why Microsoft?
- Diverse range of product and services - Using Microsoft applications daily - will get learning oppertunities because of innovative
  culture - get a chance to work with some of the best minds in the industry

Tell me about a time when you had a conflict with someone at work.
- There were lot of instances where i had conflict internally with my collegues.
Resolution: I would listen them with open mind, consider their view points as well and evaluate my solution again.
            If my approach is optimal, i would assert/convience them to do the right thing may be by collecting some proofs.

Tell me about a time when you had to convince someone to change their mind.
- tell about nullptr with make_shared : it returns bad_alloc

Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your manager.
-

Share an example of a time you motivated a colleague or team.
- One of my collegue was on a sudden leave because of the demise of his closed one. When he came back, he was supposed to deliever the
  feature within a week.- SO he was under stress. I realised this and discussed and motivated - helped him to plan and decide
  the steps for faster completion.

Tell me about a time you made an unpopular decision—how did you implement it or get buy-in?
- New thread for each and every process- which is very easy and convenient thing to do - i proposed an unpopular object to reduce
  no of threads.

Tell me about a time you made a mistake that affected a colleague. How did you rectify things?
- Part of design discussions and asked junior to implement it - In the meeting where junior is supposed to present it, we came to
know about the mistake due to some miscommunication - which created some confusion and set the project back by a few days - i 
realised my mistake and appologised to my collegue and team members - stayed late and get all the requirements and shared the new
design next morning.

How do you help a client figure out what they want when they’re not sure?
- i'll understand their need - explain them the pros/cons of approaches- give a demo

Give me an example of how you’ve handled a challenge.
- took a bigger responsibilities - when smita left- took a bigger role- talked to stake holders in different timezone. 
  worked with project managers etc.

How do you handle making a mistake in your work?
- no one is perfect - i accept it and take corrective measures - also ensures that i wont repeat

Tell me about how you balance deadlines with day-to-day responsibilities.
- if i'm communicated well about the deadlines, i would preplan it such that i would finish both. But if things
  doesnt go as per plan, i keep everyone informed and based on the urgency, i'll priortise some of the task over other.
  or i'll see if can get some more resources  to complete on the giventime.

Tell me about a time you worked effectively under pressure.
- stretched myself worked during US time, when smita was on leave due to demise of her father, completed 3 features.
was going under tremandous pressure as it is not possible to deliever these many features in a month - can also take an ex
of the wedding

How do you take on learning a new role?
- i believe in hard work and smart work - recently joined a new team - took help from manager/seniors - learn new things
from available material of particular domain - keep myself ahead of learning curve

Why Azzure
- 

one microsoft application do u like and any enhancement
- 
